04_Dump-Case-Studies/1-Business-Driven-IT-Strategy-Framework.md, before:

# Case 1: Business-driven IT strategy framework

### Introduction

**Definition**

_A framework that emphasizes aligning IT initiatives directly with organizational strategies and objectives._

**Primary focus**

- _ensuring IT investments and projects support the overarching goals of business, including:_
  - _increasing revenue,_
  - _improving customer satisfaction, or_
  - _optimizing operations._

**Approach**

- _conducting regular assessments of business needs,_
- _identifying technology gaps, and_
- _crafting IT initiatives that deliver measurable outcomes._

**Side-effect**

_while this framework fosters alignment and relevance, it may risk undervaluing emerging technologies that could offer long-term benefits but don't have immediate business applications._

**Procedure to Implement**
1. Assessing current IT capabilities and resources
2. Defining IT/company vision and mission
3. Conducting SWOT analysis for IT/company environments
4. Identifying strategic objectives and initiatives
5. Building an implementation roadmap
6. Establishing governance and monitoring mechanisms
7. Ensuring stakeholder alignment

### Client's Background

Fortify, The Business Launch Firm is a comprehensive business coaching firm. During their business journey, this company offers business coaching and tax planning to customers who are in the beginning of productive years. As the customer reach expands, this business is going to add new feature that is online consulting. Besides, one biggest issue they may have now is to transfer business data from ongoing cloud provider to the new one, while migrating all operational businesses to the cloud securely to enable the business operation to have access from anywhere.

**1. Assessing current IT capabities and resources**

- Brief IT audit:
  - AI-powered services already
  - Major online services
  - Memberships
  - Personal website for business operation
  - One-location company building

**2. Defining IT/company vision and mission**

- **Company vision:**
  - AI-Driven Efficiency Meets Strategic Profitability

- **Company missions:**
  - AI and Automation Consulting
  - Advanced Tax and Profit Strategy
  - Business Funding and Capital

**3. Conducting SWOT analysis for IT/company environments**

- **Strengths:**
  - multiple awards, certifications, and recognitions from several big organizations since 2022.
  - ability to support and manage companies with $150k annual revenue
  - 4 years of professional experience
  - AI-driven services
 
- **Weakness:**
  - single person or few employers business operation 

- **Opportunity:**
  - multiple VIP level customers: founder, CEO, and manager.
 
- **Threat:**
  - bigger and stronger performance financial management companies

**4. Identifying strategic objectives and initiatives**

- **Specific Goals:**
  - What does a client want to accomplish? migrating all business operation to cloud securely.
  - Why does a client want to achieve it? to enable its business operation being accessed from anywhere.
  - When can this migration execute? gradually from less critical and most urgent features to the most critical ones.

- **Measurable Goals:**
  - How can the client know if they have reached their goal? By estimating migration cost and business budget, customers's and employers satisfaction.
  - What is the client's indicator of progress? Each feature to be migrated can be covered by the new cloud provider. 

- **Achievable Goals:**
  - Does the client have resources and capabilities to achieve the goal? Yes, it is their current ability of AI-driven operation.
  - Have others done it sucessfully before? Yes, it can be seen through the cloud provider's reviews or customers stories.

- **Realistic Goals:**
  - Is the goal reachable given the resources? Might be challenging to run by single or few employers in their company, but it is reachable.

- **Timely Goals:**
  - By when does the consultant want to achieve the goal? The migration can be done in every off-hour period or weekend to not interrupt daily business.

**Building an Implementation Roadmap**
![Refers from this roadmap](https://www.slidekit.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/Risk-Management-Roadmap-PowerPoint-Template.jpg)

- **Risk identification:**
  - (a) data and features migration difficulty
  - (b) unexpected cost
  - (c) customer unsatisfactory
  - (d) internal IT team overwhelmed

- **Risk assessment:**
  - fdf
  - fdf

| Risk Impact Likelihood Matrix  | Minor    | Moderate  | Major    |
| ------------------------------ |:--------:|:---------:|:--------:|
| Likely                         |          | (d)       | (a)      |
| Possible                       |          |           |          |
| Unlikely                       | (b)      | (c)       |          |
| Very unlikely                  |          |           |          |

- **Risk mitigation strategy:**
- **Implementation of Controls:**
- **Continuous Monitoring:**
- **Risk Reporting and Review:**


https://www.f6s.com/company/fortify-the-business-launch-firm
https://www.vagaro.com/bffuca
https://trudibparson.com/

Commit message:

Enhance risk management section in case study
Added risk mitigation strategies and implementation controls for cloud operations.

04_Dump-Case-Studies/1-Business-Driven-IT-Strategy-Framework.md, after:

# Case 1: Business-driven IT strategy framework

### Introduction

**Definition**

_A framework that emphasizes aligning IT initiatives directly with organizational strategies and objectives._

**Primary focus**

- _ensuring IT investments and projects support the overarching goals of business, including:_
  - _increasing revenue,_
  - _improving customer satisfaction, or_
  - _optimizing operations._

**Approach**

- _conducting regular assessments of business needs,_
- _identifying technology gaps, and_
- _crafting IT initiatives that deliver measurable outcomes._

**Side-effect**

_while this framework fosters alignment and relevance, it may risk undervaluing emerging technologies that could offer long-term benefits but don't have immediate business applications._

**Procedure to Implement**
1. Assessing current IT capabilities and resources
2. Defining IT/company vision and mission
3. Conducting SWOT analysis for IT/company environments
4. Identifying strategic objectives and initiatives
5. Building an implementation roadmap
6. Establishing governance and monitoring mechanisms
7. Ensuring stakeholder alignment

### Client's Background

Fortify, The Business Launch Firm is a comprehensive business coaching firm. During their business journey, this company offers business coaching and tax planning to customers who are in the beginning of productive years. As the customer reach expands, this business is going to add new feature that is online consulting. Besides, one biggest issue they may have now is to transfer business data from ongoing cloud provider to the new one, while migrating all operational businesses to the cloud securely to enable the business operation to have access from anywhere.

**1. Assessing current IT capabities and resources**

- Brief IT audit:
  - AI-powered services already
  - Major online services
  - Memberships
  - Personal website for business operation
  - One-location company building

**2. Defining IT/company vision and mission**

- **Company vision:**
  - AI-Driven Efficiency Meets Strategic Profitability

- **Company missions:**
  - AI and Automation Consulting
  - Advanced Tax and Profit Strategy
  - Business Funding and Capital

**3. Conducting SWOT analysis for IT/company environments**

- **Strengths:**
  - multiple awards, certifications, and recognitions from several big organizations since 2022.
  - ability to support and manage companies with $150k annual revenue
  - 4 years of professional experience
  - AI-driven services
 
- **Weakness:**
  - single person or few employers business operation 

- **Opportunity:**
  - multiple VIP level customers: founder, CEO, and manager.
 
- **Threat:**
  - bigger and stronger performance financial management companies

**4. Identifying strategic objectives and initiatives**

- **Specific Goals:**
  - What does a client want to accomplish? migrating all business operation to cloud securely.
  - Why does a client want to achieve it? to enable its business operation being accessed from anywhere.
  - When can this migration execute? gradually from less critical and most urgent features to the most critical ones.

- **Measurable Goals:**
  - How can the client know if they have reached their goal? By estimating migration cost and business budget, customers's and employers satisfaction.
  - What is the client's indicator of progress? Each feature to be migrated can be covered by the new cloud provider. 

- **Achievable Goals:**
  - Does the client have resources and capabilities to achieve the goal? Yes, it is their current ability of AI-driven operation.
  - Have others done it sucessfully before? Yes, it can be seen through the cloud provider's reviews or customers stories.

- **Realistic Goals:**
  - Is the goal reachable given the resources? Might be challenging to run by single or few employers in their company, but it is reachable.

- **Timely Goals:**
  - By when does the consultant want to achieve the goal? The migration can be done in every off-hour period or weekend to not interrupt daily business.

**Building an Implementation Roadmap**
![Refers from this roadmap](https://www.slidekit.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/Risk-Management-Roadmap-PowerPoint-Template.jpg)

- **Risk identification:**
  - (a) data and features migration difficulty
  - (b) unexpected cost
  - (c) customer unsatisfactory
  - (d) internal IT team overwhelmed

- **Risk assessment:**

| Risk Impact Likelihood Matrix  | Minor    | Moderate  | Major    |
| ------------------------------ |:--------:|:---------:|:--------:|
| Likely                         |          | (d)       | (a)      |
| Possible                       |          |           |          |
| Unlikely                       | (b)      | (c)       |          |
| Very unlikely                  |          |           |          |

- **Risk mitigation strategy:**
  - familiarize cloud-based daily business operation with the Free Tier or Free Trial
  - training employers with fundamental security awareness.

- **Implementation of Controls:**
  - configuring correctly IAM (Identity and Access Management) among employers and customers.
 
- **Continuous Monitoring:**
  - periodically check billing notifications.
  - periodically check incident alerts.

- **Risk Reporting and Review:**
  - check cloud-operation spending and business income
  - plan next agenda to update necessary operation later

### References
https://www.f6s.com/company/fortify-the-business-launch-firm
https://www.vagaro.com/bffuca
https://trudibparson.com/
